restrict CSP for img and font (#74347)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/settings.md

Metabase would only allow iframes from `data.example.com` and `docs.example.com`. Metabase would block iframes from all other domains, including iframes from `example.com` and its other subdomains.

See [iframes in dashboards](../dashboards/introduction.md#iframe-cards).

## Allowed domains for images

Domains that images can load from in dashboard text cards, entity descriptions (like question and dashboard descriptions), and custom visualizations.

> Leave this empty (the default) to only allow images hosted by your Metabase instance. Restricting image domains stops a malicious image URL from sending data to an external server.

Reviewer: >Leave this empty (the default) to only allow images hosted by your Metabase instance

what does this mean? Metabase doesn't host images last I heard

Reviewer: Or do we mean images like logo, favicon etc? (while these are all images, dashboard/description images are spiritually very different from instance customization images, so there will need to be some wordsmithing around this)

Author: Yeah, logo, favicon, custom backgrounds uploaded by users. 

Would you prefer to tweak it here or separately in another PR (that you can handle) that documentation focused.

Add multiple domains separated by a comma. Domains follow the same matching rules as [Allowed domains for iframes in dashboards](#allowed-domains-for-iframes-in-dashboards): listing a domain like `example.com` also allows its subdomains, while listing a subdomain like `images.example.com` allows only that subdomain.

> > Note: Upgrading from a version before this setting existed: Metabase previously allowed images from any domain. After upgrading, images served from other domains (for example, in Markdown dashboard text or entity descriptions) won't load until you add those domains here.

Reviewer 2: We don't allow using `*` or some other way to revert to old behavior?

Reviewer 2: > olehk-mb reviewed on behalf of metabase/core-frontend-gadget 

Oh, sorry, I meant only to comment. Dummy github

Author: After recent changes we default to old behavior (allow all) and CSP allowlist is opt-in and enforced for custom-viz.

Metabase would only allow iframes from `data.example.com` and `docs.example.com`. Metabase would block iframes from all other domains, including iframes from `example.com` and its other subdomains.

See [iframes in dashboards](../dashboards/introduction.md#iframe-cards).

## Restrict image domains

> Off by default. When on, Metabase restricts the browser's Content Security Policy so images can only load from this Metabase instance or the domains listed in [Allowed domains for images](#allowed-domains-for-images).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When on, Metabase restricts the browser's Content Security Policy so images can only load from this Metabase instance or the domains listed in [Allowed domains for images](#allowed-domains-for-images).

By default, images from any domain are allowed.
```

## Allowed domains for images

> Domains that images can load from in dashboard text cards, entity descriptions (like question and dashboard descriptions), and custom visualizations, when the [Restrict image domains](#restrict-image-domains) setting is on. If that setting is off, this allowlist is not enforced and images from any domain are allowed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the [Restrict image domains](#restrict-image-domains) setting is on, Metabase will only allow images served from this Metabase instance, and any domains listed here. 
```

> Leave this empty (the default) to only allow images hosted by your Metabase instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Leave this input empty to only allow images hosted by your Metabase instance.
```
